Context: We have a ready NodeJS application that needs to run on a server. The app is already configured to read in environment variables.

EXERCISE 6: Bash Script - Start Node App
Write a bash script with following logic: 

Install NodeJS and NPM and print out which versions were installed
Download an artifact file from the URL: https://node-envvars-artifact.s3.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/bootcamp-node-envvars-project-1.0.0.tgz. Hint: use curl or wget
Unzip the downloaded file
Set the following needed environment variables: APP_ENV=dev, DB_USER=myuser, DB_PWD=mysecret
Change into the unzipped package directory
Run the NodeJS application by executing the following commands:  npm install and node server.js
Notes:

Make sure to run the application in background so that it doesn't block the terminal session where you execute the shell script
If any of the variables is not set, the node app will print error message that env vars is not set and exit
It will give you a warning about LOG_DIR variable not set. You can ignore it for now.


EXERCISE 7: Bash Script - Node App Check Status
Extend the script to check after running the application that the application has successfully started and prints out the application's running process and the port where it's listening. 



EXERCISE 8: Bash Script - Node App with Log Directory
Extend the script to accept a parameter input log_directory: a directory where application will write logs.

The script will check whether the parameter value is a directory name that doesn't exist and will create the directory, if it does exist, it sets the env var LOG_DIR to the directory's absolute path before running the application, so the application can read the LOG_DIR environment variable and write its logs there.

Note:

Check the app.log file in the provided LOG_DIR directory.
This is what the output of running the application must look like: node-app-output.png


EXERCISE 9: Bash Script - Node App with Service user
You've been running the application with your user. But we need to adjust that and create own service user: myapp for the application to run. So extend the script to create the user and then run the application with the service user. 
